Update dependancy.rst (#8117)
centreon/centreon: doc/en/configuration_guide/advanced_configuration/dependancy.rst

* Child hosts: signifies that the host becomes the parent of all the child hosts selected.

> It is not possible to have dependencies between hosts on differents pollers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not possible to have dependencies between hosts from different pollers.
```
